Broadside - Hotel Bleu


Pop punk heavyweights Broadside present their fourth, full length studio album titled Hotel Bleu. 

Let’s check in! Hotel Bleu starts the party right away with its opening track,  ‘Stranger’ - a song guaranteed to get the crowd jumping. Propelled by a hard hitting instrumental, vocalist Ollie Baxter sets the scene with lyrics that will touch the hearts of even the most veteran of sad boys. 
Hitting the ground running, ‘Dazed & Confused’ follows on with an upbeat instrumental and is punchier than an old boxer! This song is as irresistible as its subject. Bad girls do have a certain lure don’t they… A real pick-me-up. 

The tidal wave of energy carries us to the more laid back ‘Don’t Lose Faith’. This song is as chilled and refreshing, as a nice pina colada on the beach. The synth sounds on this album combined with the airtight musicianship of Pat Diaz (bassist), Jeff Nichols (drums), and Domenic Reid (guitar) all pack a punch and paint a picture. 

‘Cruel’ laments about the all-too-familiar plight of wanting to make your mark in a world that can feel like it’s, indifferent to us but without being dreary and defeatist about it. I find this song rather motivating in its own way. 

The light and shade of Hotel Bleu continues into ‘Bang’ and goddamn is this one catchy! If this song doesn’t get your toe tapping, then you must have a bad case of gout or something. 
After dancing ourselves sick, Broadside slows things down again with the groovy and introspective ‘How To Love, How To Lie’. Before cranking up the synth pop dial with the dreamy, aptly named ‘Lucid’. 
We have now fully crossed the threshold Into the ethereal world of the album. ‘Feel Good’ continues the albums sad demeanour coupled with its floaty, feel good musical backdrop. 

Though our stay at Hotel Bleu is coming to a close, Broadside reminds us they can hit hard with the air punching ‘One Last Time’.  The passionate emotional core of Hotel Bleu is on full display here. ’Bleu’ brings the album home with its haunting guitar melody and soul-bearing lyrics. It will no doubt get lighters and iPhone torches waving in the air at stadiums. A consistent yet contrasting album packed with bangers. Hotel Bleu is an emotional vacation to remember!
