To begin the album Lune start with their first track 'Progeny'. Straight off the bat, this track hits hard, then suddenly come in high and intense scream vocals, that just blast you out of nowhere. This track displays the incredible vocal range the 'screamer' has.
 
Track 2, 'Letting Go'. Has a really gritty, hard opening. This is a track that would open any pit, I personally love the synth track cutting through this one. It is another absolute hard hitting belter with vocals hitting incredible highs. Which I’ve only heard from bands like 'Burden Of A Day' back in 2010.
 
Track 3, 'Left Behind'. This one goes straight in with a heavy chugging riff. You know straight away that this track is going to go hard- it did not disappoint. The incredible feature vocals from Garret Russell (Silent Planet) add another dimension. Guitar goes HARD in this track and had me screwing my face up. (That’s a good thing incase you were wondering.) 
 
Track 4, 'Winter Sun'. This track really began to wrap up this EP beautifully, with another blast of sound. As always, a perfect mix of hard hitting screams and melodic vocals. I really cannot say anymore other than 'wow'.
 
Track 5, 'The Memory Replays'. Right away you’re blasted with heavy drums and a powerful guitar riff. An incredible mix or heavy raging hard vocals, which contrast with slower melodics. Yet it never feels disjointed, the pace changes which are heard within the track just flow. This track will certainly wake you up! 
 
 
Track 6, 'Healers'. This track really sets the tone with a beautiful melodic intro. Which is then contrasted with intensity that hits you like a train. The contrast makes the perfect ending  of the EP. This track will get you hooked with its super crisp high vocals, and a scream that cuts straight through the mix.
 
 
 
Once the pure rage of the vocals hit in track one it does not stop. Everything you want from any EP. Every track is a belter. Eyes shut I can see this band live. I can see the pits, the lights, and feel the hot and heavy atmosphere. 
I could not find fault in this at all.
 
On top on the incredible musicianship and vocal talent, this EP has been exceptionally produced. If you like your music heavy, then this band is for you. 
The only thing left to add is, when do we get more?

Review by: 